Hey guys how are we? We're here
live and I wanted to do this live
because I wanted to show you the kitten that
I rescued from the street that we
rescued from the street is here that
mainly the thing has been mine I
said that we had to rescue him and
basically e Well, he
's 5 months old, that's what he told us, that's what
the vet told us
and I found him when I was walking
down the street with Liz and my
sister, he was much thinner and
much smaller than now and
basically all his paws were
infected, all his paws were bleeding,
alaro he was leaving bloody footprints wherever he
walked
and he's in very bad condition, the truth is I think
that if I don't pick him up, uh, he'll die, the
truth is and well Nothing I'm looking for a
family for him, the person who wants to have him
has to have money to be able to
pay for the trip. Oh, they
can either pay for the cat's trip or
pay for the trip to come here
and pick him up in person, I have no
problem but it has to be of course
a responsible person. He's a very
good kitten. Okay, he's extremely good, he's
extremely affectionate which is
surprising for coming from the street
because he literally  It's that it comes from the
street, I mean that's very strong, a cat
that comes from the street that has spent eh
50 months of its life on the street
and go see what bad things it's been
through because it's literally been
for those five months extremely thin now it's not Thin for No now it's uh it's a very good weight but when I just picked it up and took it to the vet to get its vaccinations it only weighed 1 kg 400 or something like that very little is in the bones
tied to all the bones in the body and now it
's at 2 kg and something you can't hear it
well uh wait a moment
okay yes indeed it wasn't
heard very loud but well something was
heard
in that that it was let's go
I was about to
die also I literally found it
in the
parking lot
of one of my houses
and I said where did this cat come from and it was
coming for us looking for help and I said
pick it up I mean at that moment I was
with my hands I don't remember what
I was carrying at that moment but Alo I
was carrying and I said to my
sister pick it up and she picked it up and it didn't have
any nails because they had  fallen
all his nails had fallen off
and because of the infection that his
paws had, it's really terrifying,
very terrifying. You are such a
lovely person, Dalasito. I would really love to
adopt him and send you pictures of how
the care I give him is going. But I'm sure
that a better person will be able to do it
too. How are you today,
orange heart? That's exactly what I
want. The cat is too good. I would be
very sorry to give it to a person
with whom I'm not going to have
any contact whatsoever. I mean, I want whoever
has it to be someone who
can communicate with me and
can send me things about how it is and
all that because it really is an
absolutely wonderful creature. It's
too good and it really is. It's
wonderful. I haven't
given it a name or anything because I don't
want to get attached to it but it's
beautiful, beautiful, it has
yellow eyes, a very strong yellow. I have
n't been able to see it. I'm going to do it
like this.
[Music]
What a beautiful thing, a beautiful
smiling face with heart-shaped eyes and a
kitten. A face twisting with laughter. I already
have two kittens. I can't have any more. I
'm going to become  in the stereotype of the
cat lady, whoever adopts it,
send photos on discord and call it
in panicat or something like that, face rolling
with laughter, a big kiss, Mar
loves you very much, gorgeous, how are you? I
send you a big kiss, beautiful.
Thank you very much for stopping by and I send you a
very big hug, really, why do you
say that a person can do it
too, what do you mean? Do you mean that
you can't or do you mean that e or do you
mean that you would like to but you
think that you are not a good option? Em
sometimes I call him the
devil, not because he's bad, but because
suddenly he gets eh,
suddenly you hear it, it seems like a
polter G because it makes very strange noises
suddenly he's going around the house and
does and I say it's the polter And then I
call him the devil but he's not very good, the
only thing he's been mischievous with is
the toilet paper, the rest he hasn't broken
anything
else, they are just
things, be careful not to take toilet paper, that's it,
but come on. Nothing important,
really, nothing important, the truth is
that he's too much, too good, you're already
seeing everyone  here he is very very good
em
and and I really tell you I think that if I hadn't
caught him he would have died there is no
doubt in my mind
if he had died 100% he was
too too much
and I am truly very surprised with how
good, how incredibly good he is even more so
for coming from the street and how affectionate he is that it
is exaggerated how affectionate he
is very very very affectionate because a
street cat can be incredibly
wild I mean it can be crazy And he was
so small he was alone there he was
literally approaching everyone
to see if anyone was paying attention to him
but nobody was paying attention to him he
approached everyone who passed by and paid no attention to him I
mean I also don't really
understand how it is that he didn't pay any
attention to him but he is
a wonderful creature and as you can see he is Well
here
sleeping turn up the volume so I can be
heard
[Music] I'm getting
better it wouldn't be good enough
because with the way I live and my
available time I can't face crying out
loud I'm sure that every pet And
especially that cute little kitty would
deserve something better a big kiss now
and  exactly what is the way you
live, I mean I don't know what you mean
a cat is not a dog, I mean a dog
requires let's say a lot more attention a cat
is more independent
and is compatible with the life of a
person who has to go out to work
without any kind of problem Well a
dog too actually but a dog
Well let's say it is more attached maybe it gets
more depressed it requires more attention a cat is
cleaner for example this cat has not
peed or pooped on me anywhere
literally I mean it has only peed and pooped in
its litter box nowhere else more
literally it was putting the litter box in its place and
from the first day and look that
its tummy was very sick but from the
first day
pooping in its litter box I'm
only 5 months old it has only pooped in its
litter box and hasn't done anything
else a bug not a cross Thank you
very much Thank you very
much much dark side Thank you very much I
send you a
huge kiss Thank you very much Alejandro I know a
lot what do you do
what do you do with your life
Alejandro
Castro No it's not a c that was in
any house or
sea
Thank you my
heart Hello dalasito How nice to see you what a
cute cat you named him
unfortunately I am allergic but
you will find the right person to
take care of him I send you a hug
ytg You know a curious thing my mother
is also allergic but curiously
this cat I added to a stray dog
in Mexico and I brought it to New York the
bad thing is that later I found out that the
dog had an owner XD anonymous I send you
a big kiss a dog on the
street does not have an owner unless it has been
lost of course but people who are
dedicated to letting dogs walk free
on the street is like What are they doing with their
lives then you did the best
sincerely and the truth is that if
a dog escapes you see that you have to be
excessively careless for
a dog to escape it is
too much too difficult or rather a very very very very
difficult dog in what
sharp is telling you By the way,
thank you very much for the tip I send you a visiting
handsome e Look, my mother has
a lot of allergies in fact and we were
surprised that at no time did she have
allergies to any type  this cat but
not the slightest eh zero zero allergy and
I sometimes also have some allergies
that come out Maybe some
e like bubbles in the arms of the
allergy probably those of you who have
allergies have also happened to you and this cat
has never given me any type of allergy
but nothing eh Not the slightest zero
literally zero zero nothing nothing at all
zero that I'm not saying that it can't happen to
any person or I mean maybe it
can also give someone allergies I
don't know each person is different but I
say that it's very curious because my mother
who is extremely allergic but s s
super allergic did not have any type of
allergy with this cat and again that
comes from the street eica
gorgeous how much
precious my girl Hello beautiful how nice to see you
I'm sure she will find a
wonderful family Thanks to you I
adore you and I send you kisses red heart a
very big kiss precious you a lot
my grandson sending you a huge kiss dasas
I have gossip in September I broke up with
my boyfriend and supposedly we had
gotten along today he has dedicated himself to
putting comments machat and my oinos  on
his Facebook he called me an insecure [ __ ] and I
found out just yesterday that he kissed a
friend of mine how disgusting look I'll tell you what I
told you eh I'll tell you what I
told you that my niece just had her, my great-
grandmother today is her 86th birthday and she
's blind and my beloved mother who
dislikes having a pet XD but
still every nice thing you say
motivates me more to adopt him It's that it's very
good I swear it's
exaggerated I understand that if you live in a house
with a lot of people and a lot of people you have to
agree it's not it's not easy
but it really is so so so good it's
exaggeratedly good that's why I don't
want to give it to anyone who is a Random
because like Yes I could I don't know how to contact
some collectors and such now I answer
everyone okay curama in my
heart the cat is so
calm so pretty he's too
good kurama I send you a big kiss
ha so I missed you so much direct I haven't
had any time these last
two months it's been horrible I have a
little dog she weighs 55 kg she is grin
excellent escape artists I had to buy her
a collar with aag to always have her
located I think buying her a
satellite GPS Because I live in the mountains she is a
loving little dog super affectionate
big kiss meerkat gorgeous I love you
so much precious Yeah let's see I'm not saying that
always 100% of the time when
a dog escapes it's because you are
careless but for
example it
is very difficult uh especially when you
live in an apartment I mean unless you
live I don't know in a house and the dog
is able to jump 2 meters
uh it is practically impossible for
a dog to get lost and a cat is
easier because they are much more agile And such
But well what you were saying before
that
uh uh cur and since I don't want to give it to
anyone Random because I could contact
some shelter to give myself a
shelter and that I mean to give not so that I can
look for a shelter at home and
then I can keep it in the meantime but
I don't like that idea because it's like
why pay for a Random no I mean I want
someone that I can have
contact with me and that
can send me
videos photos things about the cat it's just
too much  too much too good
really too too
good amazing I already gave him I paid for
all the first vaccinations eh I got
the cat's passport in a few days I'm going to
give him the second vaccinations
eh And the cat would be there and the microchip and
the cat would be ready to
travel I have to put it
in 4 days Yes in 4 days in 4 days
I give him the second vaccinations and he would be
ready to travel he's been with
us for two weeks two weeks and he's
too much too good really I
mean I don't like so that you have an idea for
those of you who have cats this cat lets you
touch his belly I mean that's not common
in cats cats that let you touch their
belly are very few very
few Also this cat also
lets you put your nails on him
which I put them on because obviously I
didn't want him to get into the habit of
grabbing and destroying all my furniture and he
lets me put his nails on without any problems plus
his excuse was that he saw her having an
anxiety attack about her
grades she was a friend of mine from
college and she told me yesterday that they had kissed
three times he told me Don't be mad
at me How could I not be mad if she
just betrayed me literally literally
mafia that disgusting [ __ ] keep her
far away from your life what a
repulsive chick how disgusting really I mean
someone who is dedicated to going after your
ex-boyfriends or your ex-girlfriends is not a
friend or anything at all She is a
very bad person and she is disgusting of
course 99% of dogs that
people have if they escape it is because you are so
distracted that one could escape
also as advice to everyone do not have
a Pyrenees he escaped making tunnels and
breaks a fence if he sees a juicy squirrel Ha
my God your dog is I mean
your dog weighs more than Li with that I tell you
everything How crazy How crazy meerkat How
crazy that dog is uncontrollable he
needs a lot of training To
control himself how absurd and above all
spend as little time as possible outside the
house because if
not what a
disgrace anyway Thank you very much kurama I
send you a huge kiss
thank you very much  again a lot also around here
I've been super mega full these
last two months between trips that I had to
make my family who came to
see me the little dog that I brought from Mexico has
a mark on her neck as if she
had been tied with wire so I don't
regret having brought her that's
another thing that disgusts me a lot people
who have dogs and put them all in a
patio in a garden but always tied up
it's
like what are you doing with your life it disgusts me a lot
eh very very disgusts people like that and
as for
cats the people who let the cat
go out as if nothing one thing is the
cat escaping okay but the people who say
Oh yes they open the door and let the
cat out the amount of infections fights
problems that the cat has outside that
can run over it of all kinds Horrible
Horrible I mean someone who has a cat
should know that you should always leave
the windows all tightly closed or with
some kind of protection so that
the cat can't throw itself on an apartment or
always make sure that the cat doesn't go
outside if it's a skilled cat of course
em so that precisely we escape and not
in danger of what's
outside is me anonymous And the truth
is that you did very well in
taking her the truth
and How did what happened to you I mean you saw her
on the street and how you were going to pay for her in
New York exactly you were going to take her
with you I suppose on the flight And the thing is that I don't
really know How the issue of
importing animals in the United
States is But I suppose it shouldn't be that
difficult I imagine I don't know eh you did
very well you did a very good deed and there
are times when it's not so much the desire for
an animal but more the moment in which it
happens not what happens to you the one in which you
suddenly find it And you say I have to
rescue it and this kitty really does
n't know how lucky he was to have me
see him I don't know how lucky you are
eh I'm talking to you Eh yes I'm talking to
you I'm talking to you
How
funny funny that he is with the little
nails that have all the little nails of
different colors I don't know if you can
see it from there I'm going to take a picture
Look how
funny you can see it from there no  I do
n't know
[Music]
see it is seen or it is seen Yes, it is that his race is
to take care of Fields they like to
walk ex tasks mardn is not
enough The good thing is that he is a love
the times that he has always escaped
Look for a person to care for we
found him face up playing with
children once
LoL also remember that I live in Canada
I am already a permanent resident which is
a Plus I don't know if there will be a tariff when
bringing a pet or how it would work
but I can talk to my family about it
and I will tell you if we can
accept it in the home Oh of
story I have been watching for years And
this is the first time that I can send you
a super chat I wanted to ask you if you
can talk about Honduras and its socialist government obviously in one of those good videos that you know and hugs from Honduras V Grand by Ral Padilla sincerely I do not have the slightest idea of what is happening in Honduras if you can give me a summary because the
truth is that I have no idea
what exactly is happening in
Honduras So if you tell me, well
I am zero informed and already in tariffs
when you want to import something And this
is not in itself an import because the  cat It does
n't cost money as such it's not a
sale eh it's simply paying for the
ticket and having the eh the vaccinations up to
date which I take care of and the
cat comes with documentation and a
microchip and all that the most
important thing about having a cat is that you
have responsibility in terms of the
cat not escaping which
is probably the greatest danger that
cats have because many are very
escaped this I don't know I don't know if it
is or not Because I haven't had enough
capacity to know but you always have to be
very careful not to leave the
doors open
uh not letting it go out into the garden if
you have a garden
and anyway things like that because if not the cat
suddenly escapes and doesn't appear later
and and it's a misfortune and a displeasure and
ends up dead because it
gets run over or something uh yeah
mainly that uh it can travel
anywhere in the world or almost
anywhere Unless there is a country
that doesn't allow it but what they
always ask for is that it has its vaccinations
up to date and its passport and all the
documentation which I will take care of to make sure
everything is okay thanks for
praying alito  he looks very happy with you
I have seven cats with me bul indor and
neutered their names are Michi lauc cosito
limn mefisto andariel ciclo oxigeno and
lip oxigeno for those last names those
last names are very Random
memeo How funny fiste mu
grandi I send you huge And how is it that
you had seven cats I mean all of the
and all the ones in some shelter or
you found them on the street
dude thank you so much where are you from
By the way V for huge I send you a very very very
big kiss Let's see let
me change my
leg this person who grabbed me
eh But don't
worry it's so
funny it's very funny very very very
funny What a shame that he's so black
because you can't see him well I mean I notice
that the camera like I'm wearing
white the cat can't be seen very well because he's
black bica bica my
heart Hello beautiful boy how are you I
miss you throwing kisses throwing kisses
How beautiful You know I have two cats one is
black Just as pretty Greetings my dalasito
big kiss  bica precious I
thank you so much my grandson huge kiss
very big kiss and where did you get
your cats Vica big beautiful
I thank you so much precious
huge kiss it's so funny a little thing here
on the belly I don't know if you'll be able to
see it disappears the cat has a
one I mean the cat is all black but
right on the belly it has a
white circle it's a circle only from here you ca
n't
see calm down
nothing happens I'll catch them because I say Uy I
don't have that color you look
terrible Dani
Thank you very much mir Vic precious I know how much my
girl is drinking
very beautiful Oh my little boy are you seeing the nails they are very funny I swear I
love them are you seeing the
nails she has one of each color it's very
funny can I see from there or not I do
n't know if you can see it you can see it or not
ruer a very
big kiss my next goal well is to
enjoy enjoy life if
immortality is achieved my next
goal would be to enjoy life and
be chill and do simply
anything
play travel anything that
simply me  feel like doing without
thinking about anything else and you know one thing
that I'm going to do when I can set up
my  laboratory what I'm going to do
is make a laboratory focused on
extracting the brain from the human body and
putting it into a robot That is the simplest way
because by eliminating all the
variables that are not the brain it is much
easier to preserve the brain in a
good condition and on top of that it gives you
advantages far superior to an organic body
for example imagine that you have an
accident a traffic accident okay
as long as the brain remains in a
good condition it has survived which is the
most important thing then em I think that
probably That is
probably the closest way that we have to be
able to achieve immortality the power to
make the brain be in the body
of a robot a robot that looks like a
human that looks literally the same
whoever wants Of course not because it can be
a 2 meter mech if it wants but
darito if the laws of Ontario and my
family allow me then here the
kitten will be more than welcome Uh I'm going to
sing happy birthday to my great-grandmother I'll
be right back a big kiss already precious I
send you a huge kiss my boy and you
tell me You can write to me and you have to
tell me all the eh
Why are you a good a good family
wow all the things in your house
if you have experience
eh and other issues what you
think is important I have to
always value and and it can't be created by just
anyone but someone that I
say this person is going to take good care of the
animal birthday your great-grandmother How
old is Rodrigo? Very handsome,
precious
Eh Well I don't know what the reaction
of the Mexican government has been, what
exactly have they done Rodrigo, I have no
idea Hello My cat's name is Molinete,
rocket head, ass of aesthete but we
call her Molly with affection smiling face
with cold sweat I'm dying Maricielo I
thank you so much for this one my sister
called him Deado Hello dalasito this is the
first time that I can donate I wanted to
tell you that I was scammed in my
native country, I bought some appliances
and they were damaged and I am currently
in a legal process to get my
money back, a whole l How horrible
Wilmer How was the
ex
penalty, very beautiful and teasing my girl
Thank you so much Ala to see you how
noble and good you are my boy I love you and
I love you beautiful You are the best in the
world I send you  a big kiss my
girl I'm so glad to see you
here I know I've said it many times
but it's just that I really wanted to do
live and I haven't been able to at all these
last two months it's been horrible I really
wanted to do
live but it's been one thing
after another one trip after another
then coming back home for my
family to come over I
mean I haven't been able to it's been horrible but
I'm a lot of stopping here it's such a shame
beautiful I love you so much my girl and thank you
so much for being here and
thank you so much eh J so handsome here a
lot precious Thank you ica so beautiful
Thank you meerkat so handsome Thank you Vica
graas shb Thank you Uy mafia Oh yes mafia I
had to comment on something I had to
comment on something mafia because what you've told
me is very strong
I've been saying it many times
okay Oh I tell you Hello Dallas happy to see
you again to see that cute little cat
I love it I have two male cats and they are
my life they are also very calm
but not at that level Haha their names are sifu
And blueberry is that he is very good  mar
Isabel really very very very good of
course he has his crazy hours he starts
making strange noises and jumping from one side
to the other but so far he hasn't broken
absolutely anything nothing The only thing he has
broken has been toilet paper he loves
toilet paper for some reason and he
starts destroying everything and making like
little pieces of toilet paper
look at your toilet paper what does it matter you
know but it's too much too
good And he was 5 months 5 months old
and it's very funny really it's
too much too funny and he's
here with the lights that I have a couple of
really big spotlights and on top of
that I'm here talking and the cat is here lmente sleeping because he has his eyes closed it's amazing really amazing mar Isabel very beautiful em and your cats where did you get them from and did you buy them did you adapt them did you find them on the street
and Isabel a lot a huge kiss also
By the way he learns very quickly he learns too much
too quickly and for example
when he just arrived uh he was well
I suppose apart from being hungry he didn't have the
contact that someone I suppose I gave him
food from my hand then uh he took the
food like with great anxiety he didn't
try  do Ah for me and he was
trying to eat eh but with like not
trying to bite you but trying to
grab it as soon as possible well um
in these last two days we have already
taught him and now he takes the food super
calmly he
does it very carefully he takes it from your hand
little by little it's too much too
good too good really it's an amazing
cat it's very good
eh Thank you Aishi I really appreciate it no
what happened with that I have no
idea before answering you gaps eh mafia
I have said it for a long time eh
couples are a horrible waste of time
99.9% of the time and
yours is no exception they end badly to a
greater or lesser extent they end badly and
on top of that you end up fighting even when
you think you have ended well it
ends badly and it ends up being I have
ordered it on Facebook sea of some
people who had good reviews
when they brought the things they were all
wrong stove with incorrect burners and
broken refrigerator they refused to
return the money and blocked me they do not
know how to steal I have their ID how strong and
how does that legal process work I suppose it
is a legal procedure  where you don't have to
have a lawyer because if not the
lawyer will cost you more than
the furniture, I mean the appliances,
what disgusting people eh I mean there are so many
scam people in the world they have no
shame whatsoever And on top of that they do it in
such a crude and stupid way
on top of that How exactly did you have their
ideas, I mean did you ask them to make the
acquisition or how was it? You
're seeing my
tremendous tremendous
forearms for a photo without a shirt
for the
envious who by the way have a
mental illness eh You've probably seen it
but there's like a group of sick people who
are very obsessed with me who
keep saying that I'm fat all
the time I know they're very sick in
the head eh but very very very sick in
the head it's exaggerated how sick they
are. Hello Dallas how are you Valeria I
would like to adopt the kitten I already have two
rescued kittens that are very cute and
well cared for and I would love to adopt him
I'm from Colombia and my Instagram is
@s Valeria I really appreciate you sending you a
huge visit
and Send me the  Why's the
robot-faced sparks going around criticizing
there saying that it's already very bad
because it consumes a lot of water 500 ML per
question I've seen a lot of videos
saying that talking head
talking head and where do they get that data from I mean it
consumes energy Yes but the
energy will be more or less clean
depending on where it gets the energy if it
's a nuclear power plant it's very clean
but if it's from I don't know the coal mine
then you don't know but what's the point of that I mean
people like to invent a lot
it's the biggest nonsense I mean because
where do they get that data from and why do they
invent so much it's because it's scum the
obvious I
swear piss if you send me the videos or
tell me how to find them and I'll take a
look at them And what is something a video because it
seems absurd to me Gap I'm going to
answer you it's me you haven't talked to my
father It's that I wanted to argue with his
father about religion who says that I'm
aggravated and I'm going to enter university
accounting in finance and what would
you like to work after I mean don't
think about what you would like to study
think about what you would like to work at the end
of the day you study to work and if you do
n't
have anything I mean if you don't
clearly know that you would like to work you don't
get into a career just for the sake of it Oh
yeah I'm going to study anything You know
that it's something that makes sense and that I'm
really going to contribute to be able to
work on it for example all of you
who want to study I don't know philosophy don't
even think about it I mean waste of time it's the stupidest thing pus cont work never literally never guys today I'm already finished in the end I want to change a verse of the song but it's so good DEA so so so so good make a crazy good song but exaggerated Eh and also it's a song that's going to
burn certain groups really burned
because on top of that
they are groups that want to harm me in
every way from reputational
economic etc and they're going to burn
even more seeing how not only do I laugh
in their faces but on top of that I
profit from these scum You're
really going to hallucinate You're going to hallucinate how good it
is
emotion
heart both were gifts Prince
is 15 years old Mochi TR a few weeks ago  he
got sick he was hospitalized he has
diabetes now he uses insulin twice a
day it cost me 12 usd in one eye you
see how crazy that is exaggerated F having
a
cat with diabetes has to be a real
pain in the ass impressive clo is
that I have to inject it
every day and control the food and the
problem is that you have a cat with and
another cat without so how do you control
how much food you give him little pot
first of all I love you very much ugur and there is still
time but can you send a
birthday greeting to my friend Lina
Mara it is January 8th and if you could
unblock her from Twitter too and another you
can send her Greetings to minami
we miss her
What's wrong with mirami she left the world
what happened to her what happened
exactly and no no if I have someone
blocked that there is always a reason it can't
be that there is no reason
about it any reason why I have
blocked
someone if you were missed the
kitten is well behaved are you going to give it a name or what do you
call it ps I am in favor of you taking off your
shirt again
there I will do it soon sol where
should I upload it  they were both adopted The
little one I adopted from a Foster and the
big one from a rescued kitten agency
they really like to
bite my laptop cable I don't know how to
make a sad face I'll tell you what you have to
do spice it up
next time they feel like it my
great grandmother is turning 86
springs of your song I can't
wait to listen
I would love to do one with you or collaborate
together someday I am writing this with an
open project in my FL studio very
good very well done That's how I like it Of
course yes someday send some
songs that you've done I would love to
take a look handsome I thank you
very much precious Send me by DM on Twitter
if you like some of these songs and
then the live I'll listen to it V very
big beautiful and gorgeous I send you a
big kiss where do you think I
should upload the photos in a t-shirt
Tell me gorgeous big gorgeous e
Mar Isabel I send you a
big kiss what I was telling you So that he does
n't do that [ __ ] you spice it up
don't go too far either
e shame gorgeous I love you very much gorgeous I
send you a  kiss my girl I have enjoyed a
lot with your last song I eagerly await
the next one face savoring
food Thank you very much it's a shame but By
the way I wanted to tell you something it's a shame
because I've also seen you comment on
some things
and as always of course every time I
do something There are a lot of sick people
saying Oh this is [ __ ] this is
a scam any excuse whatever and it made me
laugh a lot because in this
last song that I released the one that I
dedicated to jiwa and Danny Flow
and people saying Oh this is [ __ ] It's
poorly mastered it's bad I don't know what
else I don't know how many lmente the guy who
made it for me the guy who made the base the guy who made it
took my voice and
put it in is a guy who I was amazed with the
amount of visits that he had I'm not going to come
here to give him free promotion because I
paid him for something I mean I'm not going to be
giving him promotion but
literally he is a guy who has songs
on pages like eh spinning Records okay
And he has a ton of visits some of
his songs have millions of visits an
outrage and he is a much better
professional than any of these
failures  disgusting people who are
commenting on nonsense you know it's like How do you
notice that they only say [ __ ]
because They try to belittle
everything I do because they hate me
Because they are [ __ ] failures
because it is really very good and it is
done by a true professional
that they definitely are not and they
make it up and rent it out Also
to try to
belittle everything I do
basically The same when the book came out and they
started making the pile of magazines I
have three cats I am from Colombia and I
would like to adopt the kitten I work from
home so I have a lot of time for
everyone I was wondering how I could
contact you since I don't use
discord much It's very good it itches my
heart my child is horrible Well the other
suffers the consequences But in my life
Imagine if my cat got sick and even more
taking him to the emergency room here in the
United States and it cost me 12,000 my cat is
worth more than honey Tears of
happiness you didn't say $2 you said
000 but what a robbery in the United States is
too much I mean, diagnosing a
cat with diabetes is not 000 what a robbery
12000 That's the hind leg
000 is
exaggerated what a scam the United
States is what madness bca eh J snop I like
what you said about working from
home because although obviously a cat
is compatible with
the life of someone who
works Obviously if you work at home it
's even better because they can be
accompanied all day long and it's
better obviously you enjoy the
animal more and the animal also enjoys you more
and all of you who are interested can
send me a DM to my
Instagram s Yes we are going to do it on
Instagram you can send me Instagram
explaining the reasons
why eh you are interested and why you
would be a good family for the
cat right now I don't have Twitter I can
send you what I have on discord when I
pay to be there again I
will add it to the things I have
pending to do for you have you
heard things like hyper popy Future F
that's what the songs I made sound like Not the one I have any
idea what those genres are
honestly listen laugh bro literally I was going to
make a tiktok denying it but it's
very absurd I sent you some vos on tiktok
but if you want you can look for it and
drink water okay pampis I'm going to put it
here in the search for dalasito how
nice to see you now that they're talking about cats I have
two adopted ones too they are
incredibly funny and curious the
oldest is going on 4 years old
Chiqui I thank you very much I send you a
huge kiss this one is very good and
too funny I swear
Sometimes it seems like a polter gas because it's
in the house and suddenly strange noises
that aren't even cat noises they are
very strange noises I swear it's very
funny and it lets you do everything it lets you
do everything everything everything everything
look at that graz all its legs up it
has all its legs
up it looks like an octopus it
looks like an octopus with all its legs
up God Chiqui How are you It's good to see
you here a lot a
lot and my
heart itches if my child was hospitalized for two weeks
in that he came out more now insulin 120 the little
bottle
what Wait a moment it costs
120 one of these
one of these costs
120 it can't be or rather for me  five of
these five and each one lasts me
each one lasts me a week or
so cco it costs me approximately
6 and you get
120 it's crazy that eh it's crazy I guess a
cat consumes less because I consume more
because damn I weigh 70 kg So I
consume more than a cat obviously
em but [ __ ] I mean it's a lot that's
a reality how disgusting United States eh it
's crazy and it's not for nothing but two
weeks is a cat it's not a person I mean
two weeks doesn't even cost
you to stay in a hotel 12,000 bucks 12,000
bucks nor does it cost you as a human
a hotel it's absurd eh what a
scam The shitty United States I hope
you're renting B that at least you
charge more money than you spend but the
shitty United States Also vic wouldn't
you be
interested in changing countries because I
can help you if you want to change
countries depending on what you're doing
but I can help you change countries
if you want maybe you're interested You
can
come it's not as crazy as there
St Romero I'm sending you big  I
really appreciate it and I'll send you
[Music]
if it lasts a month and if you put 5 mos
twice a day big kiss priosa 5
ML cl but it's not like this no I mean it's not
like this where you hook
a needle here Or yes it is it's like this
style or is it like the style that it's
a Ah I know the name it's like a
little bottle that you put a needle in or
a syringe and you extract from there it's like
this or it
's like a little bottle and you put the
needle in Yes I think
something like that should exist but for animals I
think it's like very
old-fashioned there yes what it's saying
that those of you who are
interested in the cat it is important that you keep
in mind that I am not going to
pay for the trip not because I can't
but because you have to prove that
you have money to take care of a pet, I
mean what can't be is that someone
says yes yes I want it but then you don't
have money for emergencies and all
pets are a responsibility I in
fact have already paid for
it money I don't even know how much
mm I don't know
how  200 300 can eh
for the vaccines
eh
and
heart vial and you put a needle in it Ugh that
's the worst eh how uncomfortable that bica and I
say I couldn't investigate maybe there are
things like that but for animals it's
much more comfortable the
truth And on top of that you can control it with here with this turning you control the dose this no because it ends but Hello dalasito Sorry to interrupt you but in your opinion what would be a good country to move to whether working from home or in other jobs any where there are no
taxes and there are a lot a lot
you can search that there are no taxes and it's
safe basically the other day there were a
lot of progressives falling on an artist
for saying that he was trying to animate his
drawings with already they argued that it was not
soul they said about the water and the energy
etcetera the artist apologized and they still did
n't forgive him for that XD Look at all the
gza that is dedicated to hating the ias they are
people that I hope will soon be
replaced by ias sincerely because
no no V nothing and they don't contribute anything and they don't
help anything to anyone they are people who
only  delays Progress and they don't even
bother to do
n Rendo with sunglasses have you seen the
drama between
Dream frankly it drives me black like a
cat that adopts giving him citos on the street
cat face smiling with
heart eyes Greetings from Venezuela Dario
Rey much no Tell me what happened I
have the slightest idea I send you a kiss I
thank you a lot and thanks for the
super incredible chat Thank you so much
Muoz I send you a kiss in
many
thanks
em eh the best I can recommend you
is that d what exactly do you work
Cristian Muoz Muoz Sorry e Tell me
what you are currently working like that Maybe I can
think of something but in
essence it is that any country That
respects your assets
eh And that does not go around eh charging you
taxes because at the end of the day eh it is
a robbery and it does not make sense that they charge you
first what your employer gives you then
what you receive then they
charge you again when you buy something
when you sell I mean that is robbery
any country That respects your assets
is a good country where  undertake and there are
several you can search there a lot a
lot some better than others of
course
and But you can look and what you  I
recommend more is
eh take a trip and see which one you like the
most what's wrong with you the little
grid what's
wrong with you is so funny now When he
wakes up a little I'm going to show you his
nails so you can see how funny he is with his
nails it's too
funny Hello sweetheart How
are you It's been a while
that beautiful I found you live and
with the kitten it's so cute I stop by to say
hello because even if I don't always donate
Here I am And yes having pets implies
a lot of
responsibility totally that's why I
'm saying that I'm not going to
pay for the trip you have to show
that you are a person who can
afford to have an animal and that if at some
point something happens to it you
will have money to
pay the vet not like Vica because
that's crazy I already sent you a message
on Instagram Thank you very much for
worrying about this beautiful kitten
I hope that if it's not me he finds the
best family he is a beautiful little thing
I really appreciate it I don't have very thought about
what you should tell me
but let's
say I don't know a summary of things about
Why you are good at adapting the cat and
also something
for  to see you to get to know you to see
your house I don't know
something like that to see the kind of life
the kitten would have of
course it's very good really you
've already seen that he's been here for an hour
and he's literally like that the whole time It's
too
good it's exaggeratedly Well if he
wakes up a little too Lois then my
friend Jos is in love with you would you
send him a greeting for his birthday
because I love you dalito Of course yes come out days I
send you a big kiss gorgeous and a
big kiss for your friend Jos Jos do
you want this my
Pepe very big Jos friend of Ignacia you
went out or rooms very big Ignacia I
thank you very much where are you all very beautiful
Thank you very much Cristian I send you a kiss says
I'm working in a supermarket but I'll be
entering university soon But
honestly I don't like the United States I don't mind
that you don't like it I mean the United
States is a terrible country it makes
no sense to stay there it's
disgustingly expensive a horrible culture
and it's that I wouldn't even be drunk to live in the
United States I mean very much very much much much
money they should give
me to go to the United States but
a lot it's a country
that everything is bad I swear I've been there
five times and it disgusts me everything there's
not a single positive thing that
can dry it I promise you maybe the
only positive thing I can dry it
is that the English of the United States is
understood and not much more eh But I
swear it is a country that has a lot of
insecurity
and I felt much less insecure in
Mexico City than in the United
States it is a horrible place I swear it
horrible So what I
recommend is you search on Google for all the
countries that do not have taxes
and inform yourself well of how it is and from there
then you think about taking a trip to
some of
them and c C have you heard what he just did
tell people c What did
you what did you think
Without giving too much spoiler But what did you
think so that people start
spoiling themselves that crisan is what I
recommend the most you what that you are going to
fall in a bath eh how much dearte you
are disgusting Oh How
funny Look how
funny the whole United States is so
disgusting everything I mean you  I swear the United
States is
repulsive really really really repulsive have
you seen the comments on the EU
responding to the LA fires
saying that at least there's
diversity because the
fire chief is a lesbian Yes Glady in fact I
was thinking about making a video about it
in the end I didn't record it but I have to
make a video about it The
truth is because the amount
of atrocities they committed is incredible it's disgusting I
swear disgusting
and there are things that I don't
agree with Trump at all but literally zero
now I'm glad that Camara isn't in
power and I'm glad that
all those horrible leftists aren't in power
and that in a certain way
the general cultural sentiment
is changing because a few years ago
the issue of lefties was unbearable ridiculous
ridiculous especially back in
2016 2017 2018 unbearable
unbearable tips for date ideas did you
once talk about how inviting people to
lunch was [ __ ] I don't give you any advice eh it
depends on whether you're a man or a
woman Pep guta I guess  you are a man
but
confirm me
big what are you looking at you looking
because I was playing the
foot your little eyes to
people
and gapc a kiss I am working with my
mother in her financial company that is dedicated to
offering loans that work for the
government teachers sectors retired and
then I would like to found my own
men's clothing company well that is very
good Look at all of you who are lucky enough to
have eh father mother whoever in
your family who has a business that
is making money that is successful etc etc take
advantage of that luck that you have had
work in the family business learn
from that family member to do good
business and then either continue
there and from there you can make a lot of
money or
use it for experience to also
set up something of your own but all of
you who have had that good luck to
have family that already has some
money or has companies take advantage of
100% of that is the best you can do
better you can work e gabri
my heart Hello dasas first time that I
donate but I am always seeing you I want to
tell you that from the heart knowing you has
changed my life for the better and I will always
be by your side no matter what keep it up
red heart  red heart
red heart Thank you so much Gabriel I
thank you so much handsome I send you a
big kiss precious Thank you for
the nice comment thanks for
telling me so wonderful and I
appreciate it a lot eh
Thank you so much Gabriel very big kiss really
Thank you very much I appreciate it a lot for me it
is wonderful to be here and to receive
such nice comments because it is
precisely one of the many reasons why I do what I do
and say what I
say because precisely I like to feel that I
have helped many of you and I
have motivated you in some way maybe I have made you
change your mind something like that So you
see that I take a lot of salt that
Gabriel and I send you a very big kiss what was it that you what did
you like the most what
inspired you the most of the things
that I have said what was it that
changed your life the most my name is
Gabriel and Pepe and if you are a man Pepe
guta if you are a man I said that
inviting people to dinner was crap because what
you have to do is not do any of that
the insecurity in the USA has become
ugly One  early morning they tried to steal our
car when there was a trendy trick
on tiktok to turn on Hyundai
keys, kids who didn't know how to do it and
left the steering wheel with all the cables
loose. Man with his hand on his
forehead, how strong, Romn, how strong, I
swear the United States is the worst of the
worst of the worst. Have you seen the videos
of ngel Rodrguez cedia trying to
convince young people about the
existence of God with
absurd justifications? Opinion: No, I don't have the
slightest idea. Cris, I don't have one. Who is that
man, honestly, if you tell me
exactly what he said, eh. I'll
tell you, but well, I have a ton of comments on
the channel about the subject if you want to
see Cristian, I really appreciate it. I send you,
handsome. Tell me a little bit about some
argument, what do I know and Romn. The truth is, I'm
telling you, I've never ever lived in the United States. It
's a ridiculous country. Horrible. Horrible.
Everything is so expensive. I remember I
was in New York and I got herpes
and they wanted to charge me,
uh,
500 dollars for a medicine that
costs $ that I buy here for $ and
then the visit to the doctor so that
tell me the recipe because if not they wouldn't
sell it to me it cost me
00 to make me a recipe for Alo that I already
know I need it's absurd I
swear absurd that a big kiss
remember guys please all of you who
send me messages have to be
willing to pay for the cat's ticket
that costs almost as much as a person's
okay keep that in mind it costs almost as much as
a person's at least from what I've
seen I've always traveled
with my animals so I've never
sent a cat
to them if it would be
Thank you Julieta a
kiss a kiss
cheese tomorrow we do more Stream and I'll
start reacting to some
disgusting tiktok that I've
seen what a
bug is very funny true it is very
funny and it is very very good
but very good it is
you can see it has been like this all this time you
can go for hours like this hours hours
hours and also has super
big ears and the tail is also huge I
imagine that's because it is going to grow
I imagine because it has very big they
have them disproportionately big
for it  small that is the head what
happens is that you don't see it much because since it
's black you can't see it well But it has
gigantic ears but
gigantic
e
[Music]
shame so much the shame precious Unlock
Lina loves you very much I don't even know who she is
shame if you tell me in private I'll
tell you V gorgeous loves you a lot
precious and I
send you V big shame I love you very much hurry I do
love you very much V
big gorgeous I love you very much true Thank you so much I
missed you so much just
know that you can talk to me
whenever you want okay
and I send you a huge kiss I tell myself
only in the live shows I say that you can talk to me
eh outside of the live shows too whatever
you want gorgeous I love you a lot
and she's the best I send you a very very
big kiss precious Thank you so much
really
what am I going to say I have to
shave I have to shave but a
lot really I really want to show you
a piece of my song you have no
idea how much I want to show you
a piece of my
song I really want
eh It's very good  I swear I've never
done rap slash hip hop like this
seriously but it turned out really well
eh Very
good of course yes gaps very big kisses a
very big kiss for Ezequiel Javi and a very
big one for you well very handsome I hope you
find the best owner whoever is
lucky enough to adopt him will be able to say
that Dallas playing with his kitten face
rolling with laughter update
already lost like 30 kilos 10 to go I'm
closer now I love you How good 30 kg For the last
two months it's crazy Marce loves me a
lot She's taking before and
after photos send them to us through the discord chat
to see you sea very beautiful you look so
beautiful I send a kiss Nazareno
orellano I send you a very big kiss of course a
very big greeting
Nazareno Gabriel my
heart my way of thinking above all I
knew you for many years now I start
to investigate more and not stay with the
first thing I see by the way when another
party you do I want to go
Gabriel I really want to do one
I have to coordinate  put together a place
to do a good session because I really, really
want to do it
but too much uh too much desire I
have Gabriel
So I'm going to do it I'm going to do it
soon I don't know when I don't even know
where But but I'm going to do it I'm
going to do it and I'll give plenty of notice this time
so that those of you who
want to come from far away can
come too. Recently I was
in a hotel
that was
affiliated with El tumor ran and it
had a brutal stage with some
incredible lasers
And yes uh I would like to DJ there,
honestly I would like to and it would be
great to let you all know plenty of time in
advance so that you could
come I would like too too So
let's see if we can do
something soon Gabriel very
handsome I'm sending you my
enormous beautiful beings The
advice I gave you before was helpful to you and
tell me
what
your feedback is on it. No, what
caught your
attention the most, maybe Alo, it catches your
attention, I can tell you. Oh well, look, I
can recommend this here or this
there, it's funny, it's really
funny  too funny is
my boy you are very funny
you are very
good look at you with your crossed paws
now I take them off it is
very funny it is very radioso
well that tomorrow we are
going to do reacting to
tiktok We will start reacting to
tiktok that I have saved because I have not
forgotten about you I have been saving a
lot of tiktok to go reacting
here live
and we are going to see the amount of
nonsense that I have saved there that
are not few the truth
thanks agz very huge
I what time is it Uf how late is it I am going to go
eh closing for
now but
eem tomorrow we do better tomorrow we
have more and we continue closing and we will
resume the live shows again Ah I am
going to be a little more chill for a while
eh Because it is that I have not been
able to do anything before leaving I want to
show the kitten's nails that are
too funny and they are also very
useful I should open my own business
about these nails because the truth is that
for all those who have cats it is the
best literally it is the best of the
best it is crazy Well it's about
those nails
Lucero  Thank you so much from Uruguay
Thank you so much beautiful I send a
huge kiss Tomorrow if you want come and
tell me what you do with
your life all those
things great agadez very beautiful the
zero eh well
before I go I have to
show you my nails that are too
funny I should I say seriously
start a business selling
cat nails because ras that is the best of the
best it is exaggerated I wanted to tell you that
I am watching Black sales because of your
recommendation and I have been loving it and I
wanted to know if you like Black mirror
thanks Yes yes I like it Although even more it is already thank you thank you thank you thank you It is already Thank you thank you thank you
Hi Dallas It has been a long time since you did your
live broadcast I already missed it I will try to
be on tomorrow's live broadcast if I
am not asleep greetings face blowing a
kiss red heart big kiss llg
How are you beautiful I send you a
big kiss my girl Thank you
so much Thank you so much for being here yes I
started quite late The truth is
quite late already thank you thank you for
cleaning me
Normally I like it when the cats blow me
but it's that  I was getting a
stitch on my arm that was already
itching but he is very affectionate really he is
very affectionate I love giving kisses to
you everywhere and it is very good very
good you are watching
No I am
sending you a gorgeous I
really appreciate tomorrow's Stream but I am
sending you a huge kiss and Lady me a lot
that there have you seen Black sales for me the
truth is that there are many people who have
recommended it even friends and they never
pay attention to me and they never see it so I have
a lot that have been watching it a lot
you are liking Roberto muller B
very handsome I am in a delicate situation
but by giving your advice I can get out of this
hole I just need to rebuild my life
going Roberto I am going you have left a
toxic relationship and I have a lot that you have
followed my advice I hope that in
tomorrow's Stream you can tell me a
little more the truth Look, he doesn't
stop betraying me all the time that's it
thanks there is no need to continue it is
unnecessary I already appreciate it Thank you Thank you
and Remember that it is better to be
alone a thousand times better than to go through suffering
in disgusting relationships that have no
kind of  of Sense and grief is
temporary but freeing yourself from a
shitty person is forever
unless you have bad luck which
could also be that they are
with you Okay guys let me
hold you for a moment yes let me hold you for
a moment come on let me hold you for a
moment I'm going to show you people your
little nails
first of all it has a little
white thing here and it really is hair and
second look how
funny look how funny I didn't take
any pictures for fear of not making it
now I regret it I have before pictures
but not all of them I'll upload the pictures when I'm at
100 I lost 30 kg in a period
of 4 months eating once a day less than a
thousand calories soon I'll start the gym I love you face
in love
those can do everything as you just
observed it's very
good it's very good and very
funny and Marce well too bad for not having done it
but well at least
start doing it now at least
you can record El Progreso eh it's
from Marce sorry I look a lot gorgeous and  I
send you a big kiss look what you
're doing
Oh my boy how
funny he's very
good he's very
good too good
Okay guys whoever wants to
keep him has to provide proof that they are
a person who has the
economic capacity and the
social capacity to be able to do it
that's so good so
nothing that and we'll see each other tomorrow tomorrow
strong on tiktok
disgusting and I know you guys a lot and not
you
soon we'll see each other very soon guys he's
going to miss him and we'll get back together live shows
here a lot of guys a
lot I'm super well and aj place and
solvency exactly
Exactly guys I love you very much I hope you've been
well and that I've enjoyed
this little time with the cat and I've seen that he
lets himself be manipulated to do
literally everything I've taken him as I
pleased and he's let me do
anything he's too good he's too
good too siado well it's
that guys Oh and by the way the nails are
wonderful eh wonderful because they don't
scratch you well they really don't try to
scratch But just in case I
put it on him just in case eh he doesn't scratch you and he
can't  Don't destroy furniture either because it's
not made of
silicone. So nothing, guys,
I love you a lot. Bye bye, I love you a
lot. Ch ch, I love you a lot.
See you soon tomorrow more. Cha cho cho ch cho ch cho
chao cho